released 3/26/99 - Version 1.01 (fixed palette problem)

Model name: Silencer

Author: NSi [ nsi@artmaze.com ]

Model homepage: http://www.artmaze.com/nsi

Installation: Make a folder in Sierra\Half-life\valve\models\player named "Silencer" (without quotes). Copy all files contained in this Zip into it (Silencer.mdl, Silencer.bmp, Silencer.txt)

------------------------------------------------------------
Construction
	
	Poly count: 568 tris

	Skins: 1 DM_base with team coloring

	Animation: Valve animations

Programs used

	Basic mesh: Lightwave 5.6

	Skinning, boning and mesh detailing: 3D Studio Max R2.5

	Texture: Photoshop 5.0, Debabelizer Pro 3.0
	
	Compiling: StudioMDL
	
	Previewing: MDLviewe.exe 1.11 by Valve / Otis


About the model:

Silencers are special assault soldiers of the secret Lambda SpecOps Unit. Fitted with light body armor with general terrain camo, Silencers are only deployed when the there's a code 5 emergency, a state which came into activation when physics officer Gordon Freeman dissapeared and alien soldiers started a heavy invation through all of Black Mesa's remaining teleporters.
They have a Lambda symbol to distinguish them from other Silencer units from other bases. Within a team, they are distinguished by the color of their rank insignia on their right arm and left side of their chest armor plate.
The Silencer standard issue suit fits both male and female soldiers.

From the auhor:

I wanted to make a player model that was related to the general Half Life environment: a futuristic warrior unit, likely to exist in such a world. There's no cheap camo schemes like a thinner body, all-black skin or anything like that, just a comouflage color scheme that should work close to how it does in the real world. Also, team color support was a must. This is my first low poly model for a game, so there are some details that could have been done better and which I will implement in my next model, which I have already started.
Feel free to email me to let me know how you like this model.

Thanks:

- Valve Software for making the best FPS game ever.

- Spider from Wavelength for his FAQs which served me as a solid guide, as well as the email he sent me when I needed help.

- Radium for the most kickass Half Life map review site in existence.

- Deadfrog from Deadsoft for the cool little 3DStudio tip regarding vertex link locking.

- The people at the Radium forums who are cool, you know who you are :)

** IMPORTANT **

This model should NOT be distributed in any kind of commercial compilation, product or package without my personal approval.
This model CAN otherwise be distributed freely as long as this text file is included, unmodified, with the package.
And PLEASE don't extract the skin and draw a mustache on it and release it to the world as yours, don't be lame.

  - NSi
